Add battery sensor to iCloud (#11434)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/icloud.markdown

description: "Instructions on how to use iCloud to track devices in Home Assistant."
logo: icloud.png
ha_category:

>   - Hub

Reviewer: This is not a Hub. Please remove this category.

Author: Fixed, I thought "hub of services", but it's actually a real hub device 😄

  - Presence Detection
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling

> ha_release: 0.10

Author: It is actually displaying "0.1" now, back to string please

---

The `icloud` integration allows you to detect presence using the [iCloud](https://www.icloud.com/) service. iCloud allows users to track their location on iOS devices.

There is currently support for the following services and platforms within Home Assistant:

- [Platforms](#platforms)
  - [Device Tracker](#device-tracker)
  - [Sensor](#sensor)

> - [Services](#services)

Reviewer: We don't add a TOC to our pages, we do reference supported platforms.
So either limit the list to supported platforms and their links, or remove it entirely.

Author: OK, I've randomly seen it from Hive actually.

But while checked, this is the only one, will do a PR to remove it.

Author: Here it is : #11443

Go into your Home Assistant configuration `.storage` folder and delete the "icloud" folder, then retry.

## Platforms

### Device Tracker

The iCloud integration will track available devices on your iCloud account.

### Sensor

The iCloud integration will add a battery sensor for each iCloud devices available on your iCloud account.

## Services

4 services are available:

### Service `icloud.update`

> This service can be used to ask an update of a certain iDevice or all devices linked to an iCloud account. Request will result in new Home Assistant [state_changed](/docs/configuration/events/#event-state_changed) event describing current iPhone location. Can be used in automations when manual location update is needed, e.g., to check if anyone is home when door's been opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service can be used to ask an update of a certain iDevice or all devices linked to an iCloud account. Request will result in new Home Assistant [state_changed](/docs/configuration/events/#event-state_changed) event describing current iPhone location. It can be used in automations when a manual location update is needed, e.g., to check if anyone is home when a door been opened.
```
